[docs] new Ray Cluster documentation (#13839)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/sdk.rst

.. _ref-autoscaler-sdk:

Autoscaler SDK
==============

.. _ref-autoscaler-sdk-request-resources:

> ray.autoscaler.sdk.request.resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ray.autoscaler.sdk.request_resources
```

------------------------------------

> Within a Ray program, you can command the autoscaler to scale the cluster up to a desired size with ``request_resources()`` call. The cluster will immediately attempt to scale to accommodate the requested resources, bypassing normal upscaling speed constraints.

Reviewer 2: TIL !!

> You can from within a Ray program command the autoscaler to scale the cluster up to a desired size with ``request_resources()`` call. The cluster will immediately attempt to scale to accomodate the requested resources, bypassing normal upscaling speed constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a Ray program, you can command the autoscaler to scale the cluster up to a desired size with ``request_resources()`` call. The cluster will immediately attempt to scale to accommodate the requested resources, bypassing normal upscaling speed constraints.
```
